Common Amazon Web Services. (They have tons)
This is getting into devops field, might not touch in web-devops
as theres a lot to keep up with so there are specialized
dev-ops people in most companies.

EC2 - Virtual servers in the cloud.
---
A bare metal machine to run whatever compute you want.
A basic server you can run, like digital ocean server we created.
Can run backend rest API instead of DO or heroku.
General purpose


S3 - Scalable storage in the cloud.
---
Object storage service.
Each object is stored as a file, with its meta data and id.
Think of it as an object, with a key/id that you can access what the key stores.
Allows us to upload/download any file or object we may want.
Storing images, massive-objects.
example: saving images (or profile pictures) that users send to clarafai to train model better.
Has size limit of 5gb. (free for new AWS customers)

Lambda - Run code without thinking about servers.
---
Run code for virtually any app / backend app.
Just provide it a function, and when to run it, and it'll
run it for you. Zero config/admin, just upload code and lambda takes
care of the rest.
If 100000 people run code at same time, lambda will scale automatically.
Example: use events of notifications then lambda does the code that notifies user etc.

CloudFront - Global content delivery network.
---
Webserver that speeds up dist of static files. Like a CDN.
Amazon delivers content through datacenters like a CDN.
Make apps faster, as amazon has servers globally.
Provides automatic HTTPS.

DynamoDB - Managed NoSQL database.
---
Fast NoSQL that manages scaling for you.
Known for reliability & performance.
Used in web, mobile, iot, gaming etc.

Tons of other services, but this gives some examples.



Amazon flow charts:
shows what people use to make their architecture /
how their logic flows through their app.
Many ways to attach pieces.
Build different things depending on what your needs are.
Important to understand infrastructure & how things can grow.
If we have an idea of the flow in the back of our mind, we
can write code that fit into infrastructure well.

